Update Timeshift docs with "before" functions deprecation (#25020)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/dashboards/functions/timeshift.md

timeshift(avg:system.load.1{*}, -1209600)
```

## Calendar shift

> <div class="alert alert-info">The calendar shift feature is now available for all data sources.</div>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<div class="alert alert-info">The calendar shift feature is available for all data sources.</div>
```

Author: The idea behind this banner is to highlight that this support is new, because earlier this was supported only for some data sources. We would be removing the banner after a while.
if you think "now" shouldn't be here, I'd prefer not having a banner at all, as it should be assumed that everything works for every data source, unless stated differently.

Reviewer: Ah then yes, I think in this case we should remove this banner.

| Function           | Description                                                                                   | Example                            |
|:-------------------|:----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|:-----------------------------------|
| `calendar_shift()` | Graph values from the previous day, week, or month from the current timestamp for the metric. | `calendar_shift(<METRIC_NAME>{*}, "<TIME_SHIFT_STRING>", "<TIME_ZONE_CODE>")` |

> To access the `calendar_shift()` function click the **Add function** button, select **Timeshift > Month before**. The calendar shift allows you to compare the same metric across equivalent timeframes. Here is an example of cloud cost metric `aws.cost.net.amortized` with the calendar_shift() value from two weeks ago compared to the current value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To access the `calendar_shift()` function click the **Add function** button, select **Timeshift > Month before**. The calendar shift allows you to compare the same metric across equivalent time frames. Below is an example of cloud cost metric `aws.cost.net.amortized` with the calendar_shift() value from two weeks ago compared to the current value.
```
